now that depends on the situation if it's something set family emergency
or a you know you know knock on wood a family member you know if
I was out there or or an immediate family member found out that there
you know save you know cancer stricken or something my personal belief
is that you express that that needed that issue early and often
with your chain of command and that's the to ensure that the commanding
officer understands the severity of of the event this Holly depends
on also the command schedule and the demands placed upon it command
and your role within those those operations so expressed that needed
to issue early and often and explore those options with the command
I have not seen or experienced one of command try it that does
not do their best to work with the service member to ensure that they
have time or the ask you to go home and you know be with the family
member do what do you know provide as much support as they came on
the other hand in situations where say a spouse has the opportunity
of a lifetime to take you know advantage of a a a job opportunity
I hate to say it but that your spouse is your mistress and and reality
and the navy is your your your husband or your wife at the time you
know so you it'll probably be best for you and your wife your with
your spouse to work that that situation they may have to you may have
to DO bass while they move she may he or she may not be able to
take that position it's just something that you have to work out with
with your signature significant other